Region, Supervisor and Supervisor Zones (#1348)
vmware/terraform-provider-vcd: website/docs/r/vcenter.html.markdown

* `username` - (Required) A username for authenticating to vCenter server
* `password` - (Required) A password for authenticating to vCenter server
* `refresh_vcenter_on_read` - (Optional) An optional flag to trigger refresh operation on the

>   underlying vCenter (that is visible as a separate task in UI) on every read. This might take some
>   time, but can help to load up new artifacts from vCenter (e.g. Supervisors). Update is a no-op.
>   Default `false`. It may be useful after adding vCenter or if new infrastructure is added to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  underlying vCenter on every read. This might take some
  time, but can help to load up new artifacts from vCenter (e.g. Supervisors).
  This operation is visible as a new task in UI. Update is a no-op.
  Default `false`. It may be useful after adding vCenter or if new infrastructure is added to
```

* `refresh_vcenter_on_read` - (Optional) An optional flag to trigger refresh operation on the
  underlying vCenter on every read. This might take some time, but can help to load up new artifacts

>   from vCenter (e.g. Supervisors). Update is a no-op. Default `false`.

Reviewer: I'm thinking whether we should add a note when it is not useful to do so, as it is a heavy operation and it even produces a visible task in UI. Or at least mention that this produces that task, so users know where it is coming from.

Author: Made an attempt to rephrase both - this and `refresh_policies_on_read`
